- build out .css based on previous site
+ populate remaining contents
- use views/program for calendar

+ 1. Can we redirect www.andartand.org to www.theartreport.org

- 2. We understand function of site is to expand one item/post at a time, 
which is perfect, however, noticed when you click a post in the left 
hand column it collapses everything on the right without further 
function, can we resolve this? Either allow post in right to remain 
expanded while expanding post in left, *or* have it as is *but* have the 
clicked post in left expand on first click.

- 3. ADS! Might need to think this through with you D. Like, is there 
anyway we can have the ads be HTML text?! perhaps different font (TBD), 
but that can be clickable (link out to advertiser), and still play with 
this idea that they *only* hold on screen for allowed time, based on 
money. Like maybe it's a list of names (advertisers) that fade in and 
out? Not sure. Thoughts? I like that this would get around AD BLOCKERS 
;)

+ 4. D, what do you think about making posts that are in the past turn 
*gray*?

+ 5. (Micki says): It?s hard for viewers to tell if exhibitions are still 
ongoing since we only have the exhibition beginning date (and the 
earlier they start the lower they go, while when events are over, they 
still hold the same position, which upsets the chronology). How do we 
solve this? Should we add the end date as well to the title? (Scott): I 
don't have a solution for this one. D?

- 6. Micki is going to be commissioning new writing from time to time, 
wondering: could these somehow be featured in the center? Perhaps 
there's a way to do something large still with image like we are, could 
this then expand down in the full piece of writing?

- 7. Can we add a link to bios for Contributors? I?m hoping to give them 
more visibility.

- Other things we're working on, but haven?t resolved on our end: 
? how to make more clear for reader what is an EX / EV / TXT 
? considering a header above the right column posts, but Micki and I 
need to figure this out a bit more?
